nonone of my pets are breathing properly . Am i the asshole (AITA)the most important part of any account on here is the posts. if you dont have the posts youre basically finishedRumours are having it that this next star wars is fixing to be the most twisted, for adults, and mentally ill one yet #EpisodeIX #EpisodeIXif youre putting together graphics for your book you can just use royalty free images of chicken legs instead of normal legs and it will look fine #art #tips #help #helpful #smart… https://www.instagram.com/p/BwFhPCLFbeA/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=95psffv338he …piss #adwandering aroud w/ my thumb up my ass during Civil War 2, asking people to show me their posts so i can tell if i should grenade them or notjuts donated $300000 to a lobbying firm whose main thing is letting people drive cars at the age of 6just because im a gamer with Polio, doesnt mean i cant someday become somebody's Butlernot sure if im hearing all the lyrics, but it seems like the guy in the song "Bad to the bone" is bad because he has a lot of consensual sexFeeling very crapped on by my followersIm going to try posting like that nowSeems to me when you hand your money to the burger king man he takes it at 99mph but when he gives you your change back its 1mph. Oh lord!25% exp penalty for asking what ethnicity beetlejuice is in the team chatBacon nutella fortnite selfystick iPhone avocado kanye Mocha Latte (deep breath) triggered tinder starbucks Chipotle safe space pumpkinspice"this is going to sound so cool" i rev the engine and it explodes, leaving me rolling around on the road with a smouldering dick & ass cracki am not quite ready to declare this coming summer as "The Summer of Gaming" but keep up with my feed and i will let you know when i do itif the sting ray that killed steve irwin tried to kill me i would bust its ass and crumple it up like a newspaperbefore you go around muting my posts and blocking this or that , its important to consider the Shit that i bring to the tablei love shit that isnt "For" mepic.twitter.com/FNNGSgLT0Mfeeding my pigs a big bag of barber hairi want to beat the shit out of a ufoswinging my great grandfather's nine iron around on my motorcycle and saying "Seniors Rule" every time i hit somethingthe anti flintstones agenda. by saying bull shit like "Yabba dabba dont" the pro-Jetsons Associated Press is flagrantly exposing their Ass.pic.twitter.com/p82tDK9zRjWATCH: Low IQ single Father fooled into thinking he has been accepted to Yale at the age of 44. Savor his painwiki/Coprophagia/media/File:Adonis_Blue_butterflies.jpg

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coprophagia#/media/File:Adonis_Blue_butterflies.jpg …(contorting entire face into an abominable purple frown) cobb salad?? that sounds fuckin STUPIDi requested 1 jeans, of 100% Legacy Deluxe Denim Menswear. what you've brought me is Classic Men's Denim Premium Wear, which, clearly sucks,pic.twitter.com/4iOcRzTYtssaying something like "i only bought that nirvana album b/c it has a babys dick on it" and alternating between backpedaling & doubling downi do support the long display names so people can change them to things like "The Discourse Is a Hell Of A Drug!!" instead of an actua lnamechanging my display name to "Richerd Simmons" as an april fools prank and inducing dissociative Psychosis on millions of on-line peopleas a guy who developed an autoimmune response to comedy as a result of being "Roasted" for my Ice man tattoo, ive much to say of April FOols(seeing the RE/MAX balloon at a hockey game) shit, they got RE/MAX here?  Not bad,Introvert = In vitro  pervert.  theyre sickthe reason i dont address the trolls ib because i know that the truth would hurt them so much that they would probably take their own lives.Reviewing your application for my exclusive group dm with girls in it... Hmm whats this? In 2016 you said my posts are "Family guy" ? Deniedi will never use the word "Doubloon" to describe a coini have just gotten word that the 3d dog in Untitled 3D Dog Project (2021) can speak english, like a manOut Here Gindingwhen firiing a weapon i dont believe in recoilFuck!!!Never Too Old To Rock ''Simpsons'' the best Tshirt eva!pringles caliphatestar wars is backthe wga guild kicked the shit out of me and rooted through my bag and stole my screen play "husband baby" aobut a woman who marries a baby"Feel as though ive evolved beyond the need for Product, and now crave the Customer Experience"
Hubert Joly: Boy have I got the shit for youit fucking Sucks when a store sells me shithttps://twitter.com/AdobeExpCloud/status/1110581127012601856 …you look like the tomb raider lady Lol
Mar 22

just heard the news of jussie smollett. Feeling unsafe right now
5s

You can no longer send mpic.twitter.com/YriJp9Nwsx@EvilMonkey2013 That was vulgar and your blocked and ignorant.saying "WOW" out loud watching youtube guy's username spin around in 3d in the 20 second intro to his video, going Psycho watching this shitthere`s no job harder than that of the Media Personality. there are so many massive pedophiles who you have to not accidentally say are goodoh forgive me for forgetting that youre too good to visit my squalid LA apartment to watch all 9 seasons of the abc sitcom "coach" as a jokewhen the earths Magnetic Poles flip and everyone suddenly stops thinking script format posts are good <<< (whichever directions the bad one)ME: I love shit that is Dunning-Kruger
NY Times: What?
WaPo: Explain your self
jeffrey Epstein: Damn lol , Nicely trolledpic.twitter.com/MfB5ySwNlpfull time Cash Back award activatorbuiyng a massive 30lb bottle of pills labelled "PussyAdvantage" for a girl on here who told me im like a more Honest version of Dane Cook...just found out about Object Permanence... why didnt any one tell me about this shitmastering Life calmness in the face of being called a dip shitgiving myself micro penis as punishment for my worsening posturemy ass isnt very good, over all. my ass and the hole of my ass are boring to think about- the Deterioration of my Balls -the gaming challenge: load up your video game of choice and play it until you reach the credits sequence. the gaming challenge@bucadibeppo I always stay away from restaurants that do not post their prices on their web site.......Buca Dipeppo is one of them......we'll go somewhere else tonightpleased to eannounce that all my posts will now be about the Filipino israeli defense force, which i have recently been fooled into joiningstarting to think maybe that it kicked ass when that guy siad "show me the money" in that movie i never watchedspending my honey moon in the bathroom, watching video of chef gorddon ramsey saying "Ah Fuck Me" after being served a shitty looking onionstarted smoking at the advice of the "Making friends in your 50's" reddit post, quit after reading the "How to make your cum taste good" oneyes i am a "HO"

Honorable
onlinewaiter i would like to pay my bill , "En Pièces" (In coins)if harvard offered to increase my IQ by one point per dollar i would simply say no. And that's the most important takeaway from all thistoday; we are all Yaletwo handfuls of kitty litter taken from the beautiful hollywood home of sports broadcaster Dick Vitale , for $100 or best offerwithholding this week's Epic Games tithe until they address the issue of people on the mic calling me "Somebody Uncle"today is international lunch day so start eating. #InternationalLunchDaypic.twitter.com/H6iZBS4FW1blowjob Your. Assblowjob Your boobsblowjob Your fimgerspic.twitter.com/MCubGM0TjTthey will kick my ass for saying it. they will take my career and my livelihood away from me. but "Wine" , is better than, "The News"oh youre a paramedic? i write a bunch of sutupid fucking shit on the internet about my ass hole and penis. Its cool though. Its funfeel as though i could break through most walls with my bare hands , given an unlimited amount of time and resourcesFunny how some people will forget to click the like button on my posts but always remember to like posts that say war crimes are good , etcive enlisted the aid of Simon & Schuster to publish my thoughts of Jussie Smollett in an early 2021 release entitled "Thoughts of Jussie" .O
---||---
      |
      8==D ~~-,.
   /  \                 ` Poseurs
  /     \attempting to hand hundred dollar bills to the ailing sheldon adelson like duce nukemI'm canceling my account 

Some crap happened today and I am done.Experimental Ebola vaccines

No thank you. 

I will take my chances on catching the virus.the rumors are true, my posts are all written in GMT Time; "Giving My Thoughts" .Fidgett spinners are making people dumb assed .im taking back thw word "Penis" because boys are being out here doing it for them selfconsider that the possibility remains, that most of you have not yet hit the skill ceiling of wiping your ass#foundMedia #ReallyGood https://www.instagram.com/p/BuSJPS9F6rC/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=17jdtgwb96s33 …elvis never fucked any of his fans . thats why he was "The king"https://www.deviantart.com/woken-2010/art/norbit-135619259 … Very Nice@BurgerKing I was called a cunt, white mother fucker and told to suck ny dick!  Store 5565 Machesney Park, ILfuck tumblr https://www.instagram.com/p/BuOD9nfl4kv/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=vpm5j39rvbo …might fuck around and post "The Masked Shitter" , as a sort of commentary on a certain tv show with a similar namepic.twitter.com/ShAFn5TZW2Its 2019 and  It `s only 12 pmjacking off is " Ghetto "when i see shit on the news saying we lost 50000 jobs for w/e reason, i say damn... i couldve scored some of those jobs, if they werent Losteveryone needs something worth dying for..mine just happens to be the japanese racist version of the wazzup adi was going to do it but I got scarednow from my understanding, the bra store is not only a place to get bras, but also functions as a sort of social hub, for single woman & menentering Crisis Mode after doing one of the bath salt jokes from 2013 & getting clapped backed by a girl saying bath salts are good actuallyLove you to poison me Emmy with your sexy hot Ass xxxxxxxpic.twitter.com/NiEzoiTaWJhuman sack of dog shit; holding up the self service aisle, trying to beat the system by taping balloons to the produce scalethis aint the damn barney channelpic.twitter.com/EGdhPwu2biyou tube has very specifically been recommending me videos of apes getting electrocuted so clearly the data indicates im some sort of mutantpic.twitter.com/mw8ix63S7opic.twitter.com/DCMLuxT8QYif you dont down load the latest versions of all your programs youre fucking stupidJust realised I lost my Ratban sunglasses. I don't wear any other kind. Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Heelp.My resolution is to buy a pair of Aviator RatBan Sunglasses tomorrow wholesale!the Clitoral pussyi like to act genuinely baffled when people tell me to shut the fuck up. like "Huh? But why? The shit i post here helps people, but ok,"if i had a million bucks i would b uy a Pregnant sears mannequinhowd would youd like a taste of my butt cheek , Punklord knows i help my self from time to time...A man took sips out of his neighbor` s hummingbird feeder for over 2 years.  This is what happened to his Kidneys"The Godfather: Part Iraq" (2004) In this 4th installment of the Godfather series, the godfathers head to iraq to settle the score, of 9/11.i would say Mr President, the partisan gridlock ends now. i would then roll up like a pill bug and pray for the darkness to come quicklyif the united states president deemed me a threat to our nation, absoluitely i would let him zap me in the skull. i would hand him the gun,Shut the fuck up .  Christpic.twitter.com/mkX7Gx88HPAnd its onl y 1:pm.  Threadchose your fighterpic.twitter.com/v690dybg24pic.twitter.com/UwReTml7DyME: id like to use my AAdvantage rewardsPoints,
American Airlines: Im ready to pull the trigger. Go on. Drive the knife deeper into my heartrocky homer simpson showpic.twitter.com/IapfkpOgLAMhickey Mouse Cartoon Hands Flipping The Bird Marijuana Weed for Iphone and Samsung Galaxy Case (iPhone 6 plus white)"they shoul;d replace the cameras on cellphones with Bibles. because the Bible is like a camera into your soul" - michio kakuopen letter, to the man who told me that they should make an app for "Shutting the fuck up" during my town hall web development conference ;It Is said, that the online content creator absorbs the combined pain of every follower 24 hrs a day—and that is why they cry in saddness...flashing the coupon that allows me to shit in the kfc employee restroom, like a police badge, as i vault my big ass over the counterwildly agreeing with some shit im reading in the newspaper that says like "There is nothing more Iconic, than Milk and Cereal"ihate it when a doddering Nanny yanks me by the ear lobe, right when im about to click "Like" on a big plate of sausagesyou say "36,000 pounds of chicken nuggets recalled by the Tyson Foods corporation due to possible rubber contamination" ... i say "LUNCH'laughing all the way to the bank, but only because the guy walking in front of me is wearing a twisted t-shirt............What is it that you first seek when inspecting a profile which presents a potential networking opportunitypic.twitter.com/wYLI2vf0pbI Am King of pain to evil.Have u heard the 10 coolest soundimmg cars on youtubepic.twitter.com/aqAjFNrKf0captured by a medieval castle town in the year 1598, hung up on the cross and having long florescent light bulbs broken against my dickit's balls to ass like the sheriff saypic.twitter.com/1QAuhEaKRuoh i need some pussies right now, am fucking hornypic.twitter.com/9TOZuMPsNePeople do not know what christmas is about and that is jesus Christ deal with it!!!!making my face Symmetrical in microsoft paint after haivng a mental breakdown on linkedin. comIts time to open the dialouge, on the Mens penis.using my turn at a karaoke bar to try to do a 5 miunte routine that basically just says bryan singer is the new gawker writer or somethingit takes fewer muscles to smile than it does to break a baseball bat across the back of my fat neckthere is too much of Lies...Genius: the Human body can survive being shot 100 times
Fool: ?
Genius: (Shoots self in th exact same spot 100 times) remember to click Likenone f you know anything about art or life. i have read the entire dictionary more than 100 timessome one on here said they were going to "Cuck" teddy ruxpin, while the mods are off sipping mimosas somewhereshitting on a Towelim not going to post about taking shits or shitting anymore . i Condemn all of my previous posts about shitting and assesevery one with the word "meme" in their bio has put at least one hole in their bedroom wall with the butt of a rifleresisting extreme amounts of arrestill show you real truth. ill show you what happens when you crap on a real son of a bitch@BillGates want to know the passion of the kiss? http://earlypassion.blogspot.com/2011/12/kiss.html …
want to try various types of kissing each other?I don't have a time dealing with ignorant and inferior people. Talking with those kind of people is useless. Their mind is full of negative thing. Just let them with their mindset and life my live as I want.The good, the bad, the ugly I’m just trying to live my live through it all.pulled over for dragging a clothing donation bin behind my truck; asking cop to make people stop honking at me because "its loud" "it sucks"all cops should be forced to dress like james bond, as a promotional thing. I think it would be fun to get pulled over by 007 James bondIm fucking the wall. a tectonic shift 900 miles away causes it to slice off my thin prick and drop it on mexican soil. Its their problem nowAnd I am being told now, that because Incest is now Official White House policy, that this post could be construed as a "Politics tweet"just got word from a trusted source: the guy who said he would fuck his daughter on "The View" is in hot water for spelling hamburger wrongme,; attempting to heckle a stand up comedian: Hey pal I dont come to where you work and knock the dick out of oyur mouth!! Mother fuckershooting my lee dungarees with an uzi for that "armyman" looki miss 100% of the shots i dont take mother fuckeruser "rat_thrower" has received a 500 minute ban for proposing a 28th constitutional amendmentim not a ignorant fuckfaced dip shit. i enjoy every minute of itMy dog just curbbed stomped my ballsshut thr fuck uppic.twitter.com/Cd71KPOCA6should go without saying but, if they show j. bezos penis on the news i will postpone the showing of my penis, to avoid confusing followers.being desperate enough for human connection to go onto girls posts & chide them for using Twitter Web Client or whatever other one they usedI am not a baby . I am a Humani will show my penis because i do not want to host the Oscars, as you see, i will be busy that night, watching the Oscars.on February 19th, 2019, i will show my penis on here and effectively remove myself from consideration as the host of this years Oscar show.might do a post of "macklemore" soon.craping out a single sunflower seed and frowning while i inspect itEVERY ONE: Divorce jokes are SO funny, and I love to spout my mouth to disresepect http://amazon.com  and jeff
ME: No no no. Im uncomfortable. Nojust heard on the news that our enemies all follow the cutesy motivational shit accounts also, and draw even more power from them than we dogetting brain damage from pissing my self off#LawEnforcementAppreciationDay showing apperciation today by wearing the badge and uniform i bought from off of ebay thank you Sirpic.twitter.com/LK5KvioChUposting Ethically, within reasonhow do i ask my girl followers on here to marry me with out looking like im "Stunting " or trying to "Pimp"Due to the nature of our party, the bank we use to process tickets has shut down our account. We are working on setting up with a new bank.knees lesbo http://adultboards.net/knees_lesbo/ "fear not loyal fans. james bond blasts all his turds/piss to smithereens with a laser while on missions." -james bond, author of james bondgathering data of Nude LocalsSeems as though lately, peop[le have been talking their mouths of thingspic.twitter.com/tYYbS5gE4nsome times you just gotta say "nuff said" because enough of the shit  has been said to that point(hearing the first recorded sound from 1860, a pivotal technological milestone) This guy sounds like shit. Mostly his voice sounds like shitive modified my phone to deliver electric shocks each time one of you unfollows me. The pain will make me kinder, humbler, and more powerfulNopic.twitter.com/EIQupkXCfFscoring 15% on the buzz feed quiz "Medical Term or Slur"weaving a "Feel Good" tale about how dogs hate fireworks because theyre reincarnate US armymen with ptsd; getting down voted for some reasonSports Bitch is off to the World Cup.  Check in for updatesI dead ass wanna go to area51 like I herd the preditor over there#KhabeesORat #pic.twitter.com/b4OKYdON7yCowboyjeansi am conected on twitterFrom the twisted minds behind Dr. Pepper,im not wishning you freaks a happy new year. you will all fuck up my 2019, like you have with all the other years. youre dopes@SaifBZayed this what Abu Dhabi police needs sirthinking about how good the Hanging Gardens of Babylon would be, if it wasnt ruined by its obnoxious fanbaseguy who once posted "Service dogs love having their ears grabbed" given permanent seat in wolf blitzers situation room #Redemptionjust once id like to see an archaeologist speak truth on one of the mummys he found. "He looks like someone knocked the shit out of him"baptizing my badge and gun, in Sinnersbloodtaking a deep breath and inhaling all that horrible, pornographic Wi-fi(rodent voice) its damn Friday night!!! And Ill be dipped in shit if I aint ready to throw down some peckeri put an alert on that shit like 10 years ago. thank youpic.twitter.com/5klkP0KjGsCan you make them all un block me please .https://twitter.com/unblock_list/status/1078772468582617090 …linking my Folders to other Folders or whatever the fuck it is people do on the computerME: No matter how ya slice it, Sometimes some shit is just true
???: Shit is never true.  Its all false
ME: Youre wrong my friend"Hwhoo!! That's a lot of zeroes" - me after seeing the amount of money of $12.00"breaking in" my new pair of jeans by tossing it onto the freeway and letting cars run over it while i observe it through a scopebrushing teeth; mouth gaping open like a shit head as toothpaste drips down my wrist, waking up next morning in a panic, thinking it's cumpic.twitter.com/y84zed3QCCbuying an assortment of soaps and ointments to make my ass hole less stupidJACKING OFF and committing FRAUDive always said we need to make the Dou Jones go up, instead of down. And now that ive been proven right, every one wants to kiss my dick .considering improving the quality of my posts somewhat, so i can get the MacArthur Genius Award, for themgreat tweetie bird quotehttps://twitter.com/AHealthyBod/status/1075376807350857730 …trying to drink a can of beer .operating an unregulated labor camp on the Dean's lawn a nd saying "Shut the fuck up sir" when he comes out of his house to threaten usthe dean loves it when me and the boys piss him off with black helicoptersexcitedly approaching people, with a rehearsed smile, like a fucked up rodent, and asking them what they think of the latest Bixby updatebuying a nice curtain for the whole ass and dick area of my bulkseeing more and more people post anti-lunch sentiments despite the fact that, well, they gotta eat .http://amzn.to/2PtWjS5  my book is now 35% off again for some reason.  $11.68 - cheaper than dog shit "Nice for the holidays"I;ve looked at the facts. Hell im looking at the facts right now.judges should sentence perverts to more stupid shit, like making them do obstacle courses made out of porno. bet it's not so good now huhyoutube guy does magic tricks for an ape, and someone in the comments says magic is actually harmful to apes. well, fuck this shit, then !!geting AssBlasted for sharing my normal man's perspective, in a world . being fucked hardcore, by goblins, for liking Due Processusing intense calmness , As the dragon , while dealing with peoples shitmouthrats dont have pussysfairly confident that even if i became a rat some how, i still would not want to fuck any of the other ratsME: computer; what is my Jeans Number please
COMPUTER: your jeans number is 5. the ultimate compromise of durability & comfort
ME: (Smiling)envisioning Jeans Hotspots across america & various territories, where consumers can learn their "Jeans number" and look at photos of jeanslisteing to the updated version of the "baby its cold outside" song where the guy's trying to convince the woman to leave so he can jack offjust got word that because the extensive water damage present o n my balls and part of my ass, i am no longer allowed to votepic.twitter.com/YIuGOJkDhhrscreaming "Shut the Fuck Up" over and over again at my monitor as it slowly morphs into a Mirror and only makes me angriergirls love saying shit like "Ebay is my father", while i sit in my house 50 miles away solivng a book of 200 expert level crossword puzzles.thinking back to 9/11.. i wish i had flipped out more.  Wondering how different things wou;d be if i had gone more ape shitim proud to announce that ive started and cancelled The Female Bras Project due to Free Speech and Trolls, respectivelyeaitng a raw piece of corn in my car and spitting like 95% of it right back outsurround alcatraz with Poison 2020Imbecilepic.twitter.com/xrsMDS7tuxif youre one of thoe waiters who carries the little scraper around , to the tables, to get the crumbs off it `` Kiss Da Back O' My Nuts ``i like to believe that getting my ass kicked 100 times a day for 50 years has granted me "Street Smarts"taking my 3d printed wife to the Arboretum .need a dog who can maneuver something in the ball park of 600000 blocks of limestone around my yardpic.twitter.com/wul3XHxzzQwondering at what age my domesticated rat terrier is supposed to "Graduate" and move out of my houseI am thoughtless.. Thinking nothing.. Wanna do dis dat, but how.. Lamborghini, ferrari, shelbyCobra.. U aall gonna be mine someday, dunno how, thats problem@elonmusk Ever wondered about time machine?@elonmusk Start thinking about time machines dude.. They are the next futuresanta http://amzn.to/2PtWjS5  #goodbook #Remembering41 #BushFunerali will block those who shit on the Bones of Mr. GHWB, euthanized with a lethal dose of Heroin after 94 years of service "As was his request"hunched over my Bureau Plat with quill & ink , writing a thank you letter to the Kohler toilet company for letting me shit in their toiletspic.twitter.com/8B4qTAmClZarms folded, back turned to the television, refusing to "Meet the flintstones" despite the theme song's pleasa man asks God, how am i supposed to live, without George H.W. Bush
God simply said "That is why I made 2 george bushs"
The man just smiled.@neiltyson Hello Sir I am a fan of yours. In Quora forum two responded to my question to which I think I believed correct,but need more precise answer. Is it  possible to drop in some vented canisters of liquid nitrogen in the southern tip of Africa before it became a hurricane?@neiltyson is it possible to magnetically induce microwaves in such a fashion as to shoot a a wall of air and anything with water inside fly backwards or explode?@neiltyson I'm not sure if you're the right person to ask but: is it possible to get condensation on you're skin, or is it just sweat?@neiltyson I have a question this may involve science and Theory is it possible to do what the movie downsizing does@neiltyson is it possible to make a fan spin fast enough that it emits a noise in a frequency we don’t hearIs it possible to build a material that when given an electrical current it makes an electrical molecule move faster then 1000m/s witch is the speed of air at the right speed we could make it lighter then airnow the 5s on the other hand. the ironclad Top influencers. you know these guys wouldnt be caught dead with an ass thats less than pristinesome pf you are definitely a 1. i truly believe the carelessness you exhibit with your sloppy posts is reflected also by your dire ass hole.my 5 point numerical scale determines how likely a user is to be negligent in wiping their ass properly, based on the stuff they post hereMr. Spendmoney Tomakemoneyi hate it when im jacking off, and... And, uh,.  thats it. thats the tweetreality check....its not "Funny" or "Good" to fool Content Creators into showing their penis to the official red lobster account— Perieod.GETTING READY TO DO WHAT I DO BESThanging outi would like to become somebodys Uncle so i can start posting shit like "not all dips are marinades , but all marinades, are dips"the words "yugioh angel" reverse burned into my flesh after attempting to pose shirtless on the hood of my modified car during a heat wave#RockCenterXMAS a holiday Salute, to all the guys who died while putting bulbs in that big ass tree, whose bodies just got left up therepic.twitter.com/ngMtATq7Jpcant get ahold of my brexit advisercan feel such a shit load of energies tonight, that i may see them, and that i may be here for them, on the computer tonighttake my penis out? in a "PUBLIC BATHROOM" (the key word, being public)
no thanks. im not jared from sub wayive decided that it would be good, to have 2 million followers. now what do you say we get the damn ball rolling on thatsending people who tell me not to eat romaine lettuce a link to the wikipedia article for The Streisand Effectkeep it coming. I love this shitpic.twitter.com/ARQRhnGxC1a tendency to substitute the word "Shit" with "Dust" when talking to girls (e.g. "just wiped a bunch of Dust out of my ass today")"Watch the new Barney?"
that the worst thing any one has ever said to me and you need to S.T.F.U. before i bring the hammer down to your asspic.twitter.com/630yLJrke0did you know, every time you flush the toilet without closing the lid, millions of waste particles fly directly into my open mouth & kill mea tisket?  Fine
a tasket?  Fuck yes
a green and yellow basket? Too muchIf u dont like me dont follow me bitch ... Dedicated to anybodys unfollowerspic.twitter.com/BhgYpOZL8rall the youth thhese days look like dead eyed little perverts because they are not incorporating Geritol into their daily routinemy teething ring. my salt lick. my feeding tube. all at onceputting on my game face. the official face of  the nflthere should be a good version of the oscars where they hand out statues that are fucking wearing clothesmixing various wine's together and making authentic "Al dente" pasta by straining it one minute early, as instructed by the boxman throwing chairs compilation 2018- uploaded by the games codgermy turds are nobodys problem but my own. and theyre boringfirst they say we cant build mosques on ground zero. now we cant build the amazon headquarters. maybe we should go live in the fucking Woodsusing my tropic shower to enjoy some pleasurehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xo9B3Iy0ZKY …just thought of a good name for a fictional football team located in a town that i also made up the name of , "The Boatswainville Birdhawks"pic.twitter.com/NP0icdWWN6mother fucker . catch these boots63 updates available? youre telling me thyere making my apps even better, for FREE? And to think these guys, get so much greifin a world where big data threatens to commodify our lives,. telling online surveys that i "Dont know" what pringles are constitutes Heroismholy gravy holy meat
 holy moly let us eatpic.twitter.com/XSVi3m7kH5lesbian Wirelessdown load the brexit app today muy lordI need urgent girl to start sex ineed to fuck girl nowpic.twitter.com/jVveX5snAocrawling on all fours like the cave men
- enhanced mobility
-powerful stance (can not be knocked over)
- pretty goodremembering the anguiush the girls had caused me when they said it was good to have "Dadbod"looking at pictures of rotisserie chickens i wish i could maul with my bare handsevery day, the content creator sits at his Oak Escritoire and asks "How can I transfer the maximum amount of pain to my parasitic Engagers"i can promise only this; i will lick the boots of my enemies until they beg for mercy , cryingquick reminder to vote for the guy you want to lose tomorrow, just to get as pissed off as possible and enhance your Craft through sufferingpic.twitter.com/gd5kGShRrbit is indeed possible to shit too much. i would advise my followers to try to shit in multiple, smaller intervals , throughout the day.uber ride home from dennys iwth the instagram Gf (mid-20s, dressed like a casino waitress) shrieking at each other because i "Made a face"q: what is a "What da fuck" moment
A: a "What da fuck" moment is one of those times that just simply makes you say what the fuckattaching an enmormous dildo to my rifle so i can grip it in my mouth for added stability. thats how it is #army #navy #themafiacovering "sarcasm just another service i offer" tshirt with a shirt that says im not that interested in sarcasm to catch my rivals off guardpledging to cut down on "oafish" behavior, such as accidentally eating spicy food or having my shirt ripped off by a windmillworld record 100 diaper combo run over by jeepexcuse me. could i please get my Blowup. you gave MetalGearEric a blowup. am i truly less deserving, than MetalGearEric? where is my blow up#selfiesforarianapic.twitter.com/UhPYcMgkp5how do i get one of those stupid ass hyper links under my display name that says im a senatori do not say this lightly, i would do what ever means necessary to protect my beloved posters from the devilish hands of otto Warmbierwhen you call me a shit head, or a dip shit, or a low rent stooge, that is like putting a knife directly into my Posts.(11yr old Jack Droseys head pulled out of toilet)it bears repeating that 'Likes' are not conducive to my vision, and th(gets dunked again)clumsily wiping my ass in the woodsreally good place to leave a new toiletpic.twitter.com/HgvaJBzc7sI'm 51 and single who want to get marriedWEN IM GOOD, IM REALLY GOOD. BUT WEN IM BAD, IM EVEN BETTER!!! ***http://HORNY.COM ***Thats right. I did the blocks. Im absolutely ripping ass up tonight and I dont give a fuck who knows it. This is the power of my holy lightnothing give s me more power in this life than blocking a guy who asks me nicely in the dms to unblock him or one of his rat friendsits monday now, but ive decided that yesterday was the first official "Shut Da Fuck Up Sunday" which means its time to block 5 dick headsif you come to this website for jokes, rather than Experiences, youre Fucking yourselfi saod it once i say it again—the pain of being a content creative influencer, and dealing with peoples shit, is like child birth on "Crack"i think that if mensa started getting involved in gang violence, they would easily Winthey should invent a new Danimal , mayvbe one that people might actually fucking want to associate with yogurt products for oncereminder to guys trying to offer me Merch Deals, that i tried selling shirts once but it failed because none of my followers wear shirtsif my bank balance is below $100 i will refuse to vote.  if it is over $100 i will vote for whichever candidate has the best "Ground game"wondering how i learned all the different informal synonyms for "penis" outside of health class. I think they announced them on the news#WorldFoodDay food sucks. food sucksIt is simply for your foolish claim that the economys doing poorly, right after they increased the Mega Millions Jackpot, that I am Smiling.this is every thing and its only 11:am,pic.twitter.com/XOioXnwFQhthere seems to be a Fucking mistake here sir,pic.twitter.com/akzYXMEKj1Cash rules everything of round methinking of some new provocative poses and gestures i can use at the local drive in movie theater to get my ass kicked more efficientlypaid by sinclair broadcast group to read paragraphs of unbearable QAnon Shit to a roblox server full of 7yr olds attacking me for my beliefsabsolutely ruining my own day by imagining a restaurant that refuses to serve me because im wearing brass knucklescoke zero but for pringles. pringles zerogetting my Dick finagled , by my tantric wifebride, in my chamber'smy expert analysis wouuld indicate that each point on the dow jones = 1 job(s)@BobEsponja  SOY CHUC PUTO, ERES UN IDIOTA, PUTA QUE TE PARIO ADIOS@ShatruganSinha i miss you so much my Dear Shatru ji..a lot of Respect to you,i am always with you,Because...i Love you sir. Please give me Reply.pic.twitter.com/RPTdDgeZB3COP: weve detected unusual amounts of cum being flushed down the toilet at your house. please stop
ME: Thats not mine. Its uh,. my dogs cumi hold this one truth, that the only acceptable time to use the word "Doo-Dah" is while singing the hit cult-classic "Camptown Races"i hold this one truth, that thr only acceptable time to use the word "Doo-Dah" is while singing the cult-classic hit "Yankee Doodle"good avatar round up October 2018pic.twitter.com/1hffeu7Wd9My diaper shrine made exclusivly of diapers by @ABUDiapers
#ABDL #DiaperTime #DiaperPowerpic.twitter.com/PPo93ADrQmdeleted the tweet where i said that homer simpson is allowed to show his penis in the japanese version and im allowed to work at kmart again- its not clever to show pictures of me morphing into a dog
- its not funny
- it odes not introduce Beauty into the worldOh how i hate himjust thought of a new guy. "The Guy who writes down the make and model of a car he saw in a car commercial, for future reference"my new car 
i park in my housepic.twitter.com/RFau4B0KYNНу вы поняли кто живет в этом городе. В этом городе живу я.pic.twitter.com/4VN6F4qoeAKeep an eye on the skys for UFO and email us ufopolice50@gmail.comLooking for 365 #beautiful #women in #Pittsburgh willing to make out with a mystery stranger and then talk about it on a video blog. #msgmedigimonotis: i do not trust or support him
EpicWayne: i trust and support epic wayne
mr_Tightnuts : i support him but i do not trust himconsider how unprepared society would be if every bug and moth flying around just started taking giant shits constantly, like human sizedyelp review one liner i have prepared in case i find a turd in my meal: "If i wanted a guy's Shit in my food, I would have ordered it!!"feel i have much to reflect upon in my life, on news of receiving "The Golden Douchebag" award. Many improvements to make, moving forward.Congratulations for one of the worst (artistically speaking and not only) ethnic hater junk. You are awarded the golden ethnic hater award pic.twitter.com/1KXlQITdqoCOP: Tell me citizien. (prepares kill shot) Do you believe in God
ME (realizing i left my "Do you Believe in god" cheat sheet at home): Uuhhmy brain stacks 2 baby blocks together mentally and i involuntarily say something like "Trader Joes is basicly the Modern simpsons episodes"I Have been told that my followers have agreed that it would be good, if my name that people started calling me were to become "MR.JUICE"pic.twitter.com/YGaNIoaGZiTHE BOYS: Come! Come quickly! Theres a Seal balancing a ball on its nose, at the Gazebo
ME: Cant. Wife is making me buy 36 Forever StampsRealizing the food at KFC sucks ass for the 4th or 5th time in my life , and making myself calm by looking up famous quotes about "Chaos"a respectful nod to all my friends whohave been removed from group chats after having some sort of melt down.  "The Fallen Angels"@InboxDollars I'm very displeased with your app right now..@InboxDollars Sorry the last part said I never recieved my $15, please credit my account with the $15 I deserve. ThanksWanted to make my username shorter for convenience, so now it's @Guy1548 instead of @CoolGuy1548Money Fast@KellyannePolls The Hollywood elite on Emmys other night said they were the most DIVERSE group of people - WRONG. Democrats also try for that mantle - WRONG. The most DIVERSE GROUP OF PEOPLE IS THE MILITARY MEN/WOMEN OF THE U.S. NAVY, MARINES, ARMY & AIRFORCE.Cigar mommysIm just going to say that this is for anyone who thinks its goodpic.twitter.com/0H5z1U7quDTheres a guy standing outside lennys pastrami shop. Says hes going to goon your ass(Guy coming towards me with a weapon.  at a walking pace) "Ill goon your ass hole.  Ill goon your ass sir"
"You will not goon my ass""ill goon your ass. ill pig you out"
yeuah um, No, its highly unlikely that you will "Goon" my ass. Try reading a book of englishCertain things are set and stone for a reasonLife has other plans then those that we think that are set and stone. Give my newest video a watch. As always , thank you !pic.twitter.com/1ay4MJc7Pl(using a hand mirror to get a real good look at my Fucking balls) whoah!! im seeing double!http://amzn.to/2PtWjS5  the book is like 34% off now.  only $11.81 .  i have absolutely no idea why. nobody tells me shittipping the waiter is BORING, no one even DOEs itwhen i block people its cool, like Neo kicking agent smith down a flight of staiors. when people block me its because theyre pussysblockbotting the boys group after they put a towel over one of our friends heads and convinced me that its elon Musk, come to kick my asspic.twitter.com/aO3CCEtfszSORRYOFF OFF NYC911:STOP NYC911slapping all my repliers across the face in one swoop like moe howard. all of them dropping dead instantlyabsolutely nuking my dick into 1000000 pieces with one of those wile e coyote tnt plungerspic.twitter.com/mjWiHpmfuzepic wayne once told me that there is a hard limit that the human body can handle jacking off in one day. and that the limit is 3https://amzn.to/2PtWjS5  my dumb ass book appears to be 10% off for god only knows what reason. check it out if you like coupons and bargainsthe only A+ i ever got was from that time in art class when i drew venus & serena willaims clobbering the. shit out of me with their racketsat the library; carelessly flipping through some of the most famous literary classics that you can think of, looking for couponsthinking about displaying an authentic harley davidson denim vest in a box frame to really tie my rec room together and make it suck ass"hooters 2" is the most perfect phrase ive ever seen.  "hooters 2" is just ok. "hooters 2" isnt that funny. "hooters 2" is good again.getting my ass run over after trying to hijack a guy's riding mower and failing5... 5 dollar footlongunuTAMAM #tamam @ismaildukelpic.twitter.com/R7fxhC9CuMsearchingbelieving that good stuff will happen to mejustinjeans0726think i might quit my job and invent the Original chicken sandwichreminder that on this sacred of days that i was the first guy to condemn the 911 attacks, while everyone else was busy watching honey BobooWendy`s is so main stream now, that eating there has become a bit of a Wank .boycott digimon otis. hes not even that funnywatching some bulllet time movies and inventing my own bechdel test for bullet time instead of girlspic.twitter.com/nycXm6xY52guys in a pizzeria fighting and busting the little parmesan shakers against the table to shiv each other withusing mindfulness. to waste my enemiespic.twitter.com/kzzM71RxUCby refusing to accept my invitation to a formal debate. octomom has gone Roguewearing a false ass crack and prosthetic  dick on top of my real ones in case my pants get burned off by fireCOWORKER: I Just took out a little baggie of DouDou, to eat at work, and Im getting a raise, for being handsome
ME: I Admire your Opinions .i invented pain and I am so good at knowing what pain is and im biting my fingers really hard out of respect for painSome body is going to take a picture of their white house press pass with a load on it, by 2020Not.  All.  Of.  The.  Wet.  Spots.  On.  My.  Jeans.  Are.  Piss.  Stians.pic.twitter.com/1WSvbWJGNfGeansjust reassuring you all, that if i forgot to include your favorite tweet in my book it is because it sucked Ass. Get fucked off of my pagejust plowing trhough the 7-11 double doors with extra wide samurai armour and dropping broken glass all over my Geta (下駄)me and the boys watching james bond morph into a black guy before our very eyes , and braying at the movie screen like distressed cattlei think that big foot and mouth man have sons every 20 years or so and they make the son the next big foot or whateveri am being targetted by a shadow campaign just because i cured my own diarhrea by exercising instead of taking "PILLS"thinking about taking some of the excess respect I have for our Fallen Heroes and converting it in to Cold Hard Cashjack: i will protect you from all rogue group dms. you are not a "Honkey" . Your an angel
me: Im an angel. Im intelligent. Im not a honkeyi attribute my small dick to my low IQ, and my entire body being too dumb ass to send vitamins & minerals to my dick to make it normal sizedpic.twitter.com/arimHzUWrrhere comes that ass hole. that bloated nit wit trying to scam us again. that howling jack-o-lantern. Boy id love to get a look at his peckerthinking of inventing a new type of person to get mad at on here. maybe people who carry too many keys around.. i dont know yetsince opinoins are judged based on how new they are, instead of how good they are, today i will make $1000 by posting "Rap music is hipster"do any of  you know any good lawyers that i can sue you withIm told that it's wrong to think that Mickey mouse would have 1 million dollars if he was a real person.  Im told my beliefs are trashthe varicose vein gamerstruting around in my stepson cowboy hat looking for an ass kickingexpliaining to wife what the phrase "pussy nexus: beyond pussy" means and why it has appeared on my credit card statement like 8 timesyou may now buy the pdf Version of the book for $8 http://gum.co/drilbook  
i will shut the fuck up now. thank youpic.twitter.com/DROaBf2kVpAko nikada niste čuli za Twiter nalog @dril, to je u redu. Znači da ste emotivno zdravi i da se bavite sportom i sličnim stvarima.https://www.vice.com/rs/article/mb4dvb/dril-jedini-dobar-tviter-nalog-sada-ima-knjigu?utm_source=vicetwsr …availble now...
Dril Official "Mr. Ten Years" Anniversary Collection
the real deal
https://amzn.to/2PtWjS5 pic.twitter.com/1KYWte83pLFinally had to unfollow dril after he started shilling a jomny sun style adult baby book. see ya later big guy.availble now...
Dril Official "Mr. Ten Years" Anniversary Collection
the real deal
https://amzn.to/2PtWjS5 pic.twitter.com/1KYWte83pLi Fucking hate it when i come at the king and miss, especially when I best not do thatpic.twitter.com/pXpZG9DKLti am the "Walter Cronkite" of game stop. yes i absolutely said it, and no im not deleting it this time.would like to see the myth busters come back to tackle the myth that its illegal to open other peoples maili bet the three stooges would be pissed if they figured out the name of their show. they probably think its called "the three normal guys'i now concede that girls may be allowed to wear UNDERARMOUR™ brand clothing; but only if they sign a contract stating its for sports reasonspic.twitter.com/6xP7BmTyNAthe worst part of nationalism is having to pretend the flag is really good, like "yeah the country looks exactly like that. they nailed it"they need to put nets up in the baseball fields to catch all the homers. youre wasting so many good baseballs and it makes me sickpeople will tell me shit like "oh you cant say kofi annan was no fap. no evidence" and i say, how dare you sully a mans grave, with politicskicking the shit out of a tree with a sledge hammer, to increase my Staminaguys think if they squat my user name on emerging social media platforms ill give them $1000 for it , instead of just calling them a Bitchpleased to report that an angel has lifted the curse against me after doing my "Good Deed" of the year, by tipping a waiter 15%retiring into the portable dog kennel i live in and shutting the tiny gate to keep the shit heads outagreed,pic.twitter.com/dc5yuiJjzabaffled as to why the powers that be would insist that me, my Hotwif,e & paramour Hubby can not enlist in the marines together as a Squadronstay at home ratfuck it , if youre still anonymous in 2018 you are 100% a pervert"I Hereby Sign Over All Content Publishing Rights To 'Paul Dochney,' My Agent And Master" - WINT @drilpic.twitter.com/7ESX9hATQNpic.twitter.com/zpdbRZUZY5the bobs big boy milkshake mix up has become Racial.  i repeat, the bobs big boy milkshake mix up has become Racial.when one of the boys tells me he has to use the bathroom i inevitably respond with some stupid shit like "Alright, Sounds Good"wasting other people;s Emotional Labor, by posting public screeds about the coming retribution of Lunchables Snack Packswanking offsteel reserve 211 extra high gravity breast milkthey should make web 2.0 slot machines that show the faces of your loved ones instead of shit like cherrys, the number 7, and the word "Bar"i love being the guy at pitch fork whose job it is to argue that thr greatest song of all time is "You Aint Nothin But A Hound Dog" by elvisIm walking on some shine , ooooohhhhhhhthe road is a battle field, all the other cars are your enemies, and not using turn signals gives you an Advantage against thenGet a life big beard before I kick your ass toEFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY: homer simpson will stop saying "D'oh" and will instead say "Fuck" , as the Creators originally intended 30 years agofirst they ignore you
then they laugh at u
then you jack off & read posts for 30 years
then you die of pulmonary heart disease 
then you Winthe army: forbidden from jacking off. ~99% kill shot rate 
the mafia: encouraged to jack off. cant kill guys unless theyre tied to chairsi can just tell all of you are going to be a bucnh of little shits today and rat fuck me out of another pulitzer price by not retweeting me$1000000 Post: julian assange walking out of the ecuadoran embassy covered in shit and saying do not go in there like ace ventuerai gotta say it folks. breast milk tastes like SHIT., "Sorry ladies"every one on this web site is this guypic.twitter.com/ybaUQKdA7ohad that dream again. a Top Female Influencer grasped my hand and took me to my Forever Home..where i never have to demean myself by postingwhen a web site asks if i want to see their "New Design" it is the exact same thing as a man asking if i want to see his penis and asspic.twitter.com/sMW9D7Yy52the games they're putting out these dsys. Damn. Theyre so good that you never even see gamers with depression anymore"To my unfollowers, I will strive to reexamine my content strategies, and do my best to earn back your follow."
NOt. Eat my Fuckin shitrealm of Lamarpic.twitter.com/mrdbdyj1mA#InternationalSelfCareDay riding hood of my 18wheeler freaking out getting shaken baby syndrome & turning red like a boiled crab sucking asssome one please help this manpic.twitter.com/MCcnG5J7kimario is backpic.twitter.com/9ZdeE4sY2Vthis codger is an absolute mate... the lad is a flintstoneyour damn right im a some of a bitch. soorryest some of a bitch i ever metyou know what wo uld be fun, would be if twitter hq just dumped a truck full of wet turds on my front lawn every day "In case I missed it"tuesday morning is " Low Engagement " , which means if you absolutely must have a melt down over Followbacks now's the time to do itsending my most powerful kisses to all pregnant women fire fighersmaking a Fairly solid argument that tthe same societal sickness that led to Minstrel Shows manifests itself today as "Doggo Shit"it is a Content Curator's solemn duty, to post links to shit, without freaking out under the intense scrutiny of the craven, impotent massesreminder that if you block me after sending me a message, i am unable to respond to itpic.twitter.com/16ua4Jn95Ewhat the fuck is Salt life pleaseif the pigs decimate my follower count tomorrow–Know this. followers are just a number. devoid of meaning. and they can never take my Likesit is said that if "BILL GATES" dropped a $100 Bill, it would be a waste of his time to have everoyone within the perimeter terminatedRetweet if you love #piss!pic.twitter.com/14zfcf3m44you call this a menu?? where the FUCK are the Heart Healthy Essentialsthere is no act more intimate & sensual than browsing a mans "Like" page , and clicking on there without permission is the ultimate betrayalthinking about getting some miniature Gibson guitar replicas box framed, and hanging thenm up for the boys to come over and look atthe most bone headed move is to just go out and about with a name like "scooter." that shit sucks. Hell no. i would not even name a dog thatHOY hoy HOY hoy HOY hoy HOY hoy HOY hoy HOY hoy HOY hoy HOY hoy HOY hoy HOY hoy HOY hoy HOY hoy HOY hoy HOY hoy HOY hoy HOY hoy HOY hoy HOYThe best way to spread #Christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear.

#MerryChristmas #25thDec #UrineTherapy @Chillroggpic.twitter.com/8tl3X6Soraoh look–i failed my forklift operators certification for the 4th fucking time becausse none of the girls on here bothered fucking helping mePlease do not send "Good Morning" messages. U will be taxed 18% from April this year. See above!pic.twitter.com/sCL0OHhDfjsending slowmo footage of my balls undearneath the bathtub faucet being pulverized by the water pressure to ameicas funniest home videosi would take so many bribes if i was a judge. half my shit would be bribes. take bribes from the criminals until theyre too poor to do crimea dog should never stand on its hind legs for any reason. that is for humans to do only and they look like fucked up chickensusing the skills i learned of mario to traverse a real life pile of cratesmeeting up with ErnieTheBlade and ChaosWendell at shakeshack to discuss the depravity of bobbed hairReminder that we are no longer mailing locks of our own hair to girls, in 2018 .yanny, and laurel, "SUCKS" !!!! Im back bitchGasping for pissFor you...pic.twitter.com/TMMHgOQojFdo not "Like brigade" mebig news gang.  another A++ app from the theranos company to help me keep track of all my silver ware. let me just say. Wowmy followers know im the go-to Bitch when it comes to interior wood paneling, so if i say its a "no buy", the shit has become seiriousCHILLING OUT AT PCTODAY:
- pissed some body off
- got my ass kicked
- Pissed myself
- got piss kicked into my ass
- ANd its only 2:01 AM.networking with my friends on herepic.twitter.com/MadL8r1RUApic.twitter.com/uKSkhDvlvDforgetting if "taking the knee" is good or bad relative ot my belief system but getting pissed off at every mention of knees just to be safeSeve jobs, bill gates, and Albert Einstein sitting at a table, enjoying a glass of Single Oak Barrel Whiskey , While i watch and smile.i proudly skim the amount of $17.76 off of all my employees paychecks, because they do deserve painjust downloaded some of the most all time realistic vagina pics, to my $100 computer1+1=?
Window 
Gets? 
Retweet
Favoritethere is a street dog menace at street no 5 & 6 in yadav nagar at alkapuri in sarornagar. biten atleast 25 people no care taken by  mpalityI had test driven Fiat Abarth & Urban cross. Excellent. My slogan is Fiat is Fiat, Go for Fiat enjoy Fiat drivingpic.twitter.com/NjByn9o8tkthe crack of the bat. the scent of a verdant field. The excitement of the crowd. These are the things that piss base ball fans off the mostsummoning. the bang buspain manin. Bedits like i always say folks "you gotta follow my account to get the posts"im strong enough that i could pull one o f my teeth out right now but i dont want tobanking on becoming one of those guys that consistently sucks so much ass tthat people arent allowed to own me anymore because its boringstepping into fiveguys hq, just listing hundreds of brand new chef-inspired value combos off the top of my head. Boom. just like that. 1 2 3pic.twitter.com/yuDy0zlTe3hauling ass to the hair place to find tekken chauncey and laying into him with a rolled up newspaper while hes getting a Permground in hellMe is all im periodFirst draft of the new branding. What do you think??Sweet Baby Rays Bardecue Sauce >>>pic.twitter.com/8QEscbzx7cthe show wife Swap but for gaming set upsOu, i fucking hate schoolSelenagomezim the one guy on earth who thought it was cool that google glass would allow you to look at your dick and make it shrink/change colorsthe 3 poossible reactions i have to tweets
1) nodding sagely
2) slapping forehead & saying "Aw man!"
3) adding it to my muted word listwe told this man that he has the brain power of a thousand state legislators .  you will remember His smile foreverpic.twitter.com/cfE6ElAu6Gdont even think about serving me food from taco bell that isnt served to me Méxicano Stylewearing the wrong damn shoes to the basketball court, getting freaked on like a Dunce, getting my ass kicked stupidlyi challenge any man  who thinks that my 7 handsome border collies are too loud through-out the day to a round of Chess, the game of kingsThe state of the qua;lity of the posts on my feed has never been more fucked. And every one is too busy touching their Penis to give a shit.having my druthers— and eating them toodesperate Husband , sitting on the toilet and palm mashing all the buttons on the bathroom jukebox trying to get bob seger back oni love thinking about shit that is "Asethetic" and looking at it and saying how much of good it isGo To My Assthe repliers know whats best for my posts. i love to roll over like a dog and let them shit all over my face until its unrecognizableruinning a mans wedding by using too many ad Hominem argumentsconcerned about t he health of my followers, many of whom appear sickly and have chapped, unwashed elbows, stained with grimethe boys held an intervention about me "Going hollywood" because i;ve been buying plastic toothpicks nowIT IS  CALL>  THE  BIG  COCK DR.  BALDERAS  IS  STRAIGHT  UP.DR.  BALDERAS  IS  THE  BIGGIST  GENIUS,  EVER  EXIST  IN  DIE  ERDE,  IN  THE  WORLD,  IN  THE  KOSMOSDEAR  MR  PRESIDENT  THE  HONORABLE  DONALD    TRUMP  CENTREL  OFFICE  OF  TWITTER  I  AM  PERSONALLY  CONNECTED  TWITTER WIH  THE 7,000,000,000  SEVEN  HUNDRED  MILLIO  PEOPLE  ON  ERASTH  TWITEER  BACOME  SO  POWERFUL  FOR  BUSINESS  EVERY  MOVIE  STAR  EVERY  SCIENTIST  .https://twitter.com/tomasbalderas41/status/932263960551837697 …the basketball version of a home run is when you throw a basketball really hard at the roof and get it stuck in the rafters some howpic.twitter.com/fUpXSye46Ofully embracing the power of Social Media at the age of 56 and changing my name to Kim Jong LexusWow thifs blew up.  While your here please have a look at this: htttp://www.burgerking.comextremely getting a uti by usnig the same shirt i used to wipe my dogs mouth to wipe piss off of my dickpic.twitter.com/vtGUsMroeLpaying a loud, 200 IQ man wearing a sweat band $500 a month to make videos telling me how to wipe my ass properlyThe best curve on a woman is her smile #TRUTHrt if you kept smiling when you watching you smile :D #itsateenthingsWhen. Girl says," I love HIM." him is meaning = (H)e (I)s (M)ine. I love means= I'm so glad <3thinking i only have about 80000 more posts to read before i figure out the precise amount of sex that should be allowed in pepsi commercalsthis feed is protected by grandmaoh? you want me to take the bad santa posters off my car windows? sorry, i forgot that its a fucking fedearal crime to think things are goodif somone cooks your goose, thats it. youre basically fuckedJohn Lee Hooker: Boom boom boom boom (guitar riff)
me: hm pretty good. What else you got
John Lee Hooker: Hau hau hau hau
me: Fuck this .#worldturtleday these beasts are simply armoured rats ,always and foreverbabies cant smile. its a biological reflex from the brain stem. its fake. they dont know how to smileOk bitch write "Telomere Mindfulnness" on a piece of paper. Go to Golds gym on 23rd, hand the paper to "Eddie" & tell him youre ready to DieTime to show these douscebags my real power (throws a big tree branch at a guys car)seeing the cops in the rear view, telling everyone to "stay cool" and cutting hard into the guardrail to flip my car on purposepic.twitter.com/qCucXEEUH5(after getting split in half by a 16-inch bullet fired from a boat) waiter theres a fly in my SoupME: What do you mean the plane departed. The clock says its only 8:25.
TICKET AGENT: Sir Thats a clock
ME: I knowjames bonds jet black diapers that cost $200 each. suit jacket that has Jame bonds signature drawn on the pocket. james bond engagement ringthe guy who hooks me up with Raw Milk locked his account. too many people posted "come to brazil" at him so i guess ill starve to death nowbefore you threaten to "Pimp slap" me, please remember that i am a police officer of the law, on at least four separate timeline's"octo mom" will never be allowed to join mensa or the fortune 500.  just saying the damn truth like it is-tweeting about stuff thats off-topic is "Random". never do this.
-tweeting about current event stuff is "Topical". and this is also a crimepic.twitter.com/nwBs9p35Oigetting pecked by birds like a dick headabsolute bastard . of all the fingers you couldve given me, it had to be the middle onei dont need mafia anymore,,how can i removei regret to join mafiia(witnessing the flaming wreckage of a 6-car pile up) ah. Respect. More powerdo not ever come to my gym with crayons and draw smiley faces all over the walls. i will put your ass in the gutter. i will knock you overim thinking now, about how pissed off i'd get if i was dining at a 4-star restaurant and the waiter came out 100% nude. do not do that shitone matrix pill is Pitbull Holocaust. the other is Pitbull Revolution. i wont say which is which because i dont want people to get mad at memy dick is in the news agian.  and Ouh, whats this?? The damn gas prices are sky rocketing while everyones distracted. Trite.wife wont speak to me because i thought the movie "night at the muesum" was a porno film about a guy fucking suits of armor or somethingusing genius Journalism to crush my enemies . . .injecvting a shit ton of steroids and walking on the treadmill at 3mphpic.twitter.com/W6lgeWz9dgass gas and grass. i love to drive my car for free@kardashian_irma my name john p. ware,jr, soon to be next governor or all official and i will be in hospital or jail,taking command,fucking@cher government sents females  to seduce me, one female isnt going to do it, i have 16,000 state police trying to fuck me,pres obama, cia,her i fuctioning as cia doublegent world be awre cia money,bitch will set you up,getting milion cia, white shark john warejr,whitesharktrolls: do something productive instead of beatinh your weiners on my page. there are so many birds flying around indoors who need helphelping women by inventing a portable bra dispenser , for when they are on the gogathering data on various of bastardspic.twitter.com/rbM8Cj6jkMmy dog approaches me, rolls over on its back, and i vomit all over its stomach. undoing 9 years of trust with this animala-list: time line
b-list: group dm
c-list: shit i yell in the car with the windows rolled up
d-list: shit i say while melting down in courtsomeone out there is making $1000 every time a person clicks on thispic.twitter.com/fJWNu5zjp4neo pets cinematic universesaying im going to flip "doug the pug" aorund in mid air with devil sticks . is not a death threatPimp2lunch paraphernalia spilling out of the footwell of my car as i pull up to my old high school to steal footballsby calling them "Stackers" instead of quesadillas, taco bell is legally allowed to fill them with 49% bird shitpic.twitter.com/ghTnl7NrfHpeople on here treat me like dirt , thats fine,  meanwhile hundreds of teens are allowed to go to prom racistly every daystrategically gathering recon on little seasers pizza in the woods behind the strip mall and getting fucking lyme disease@ThugFeet I just don't understand why a picture of me and my sister in the audience of The Price Is Right has to do with Thug FeetWAOPOOOOOOOOI! GOURGES ! YOUR FACE,YOUR LEGS,YOUR BOLAS, YOUR COCK, EVERY THING, VERY, VERY SEXZY MACHO !!drinking beer out of a humming bird feeder because all of my glasses have bug's in themthe pain of losing my life savings is softened by the big mommas house themed slot machine screaming lines from the famous movie, at meinventing a new Suit of playing cards:  "The Horseshoes"
- We got the king, queen, jack and Ace. All your favorites
- The most powerful suitthree sayings to any fool who would claim that i am the bitch of this website:
1.your god damn right
2. i dont give a fuck
3. you Loseimagining a judge sentencing a beautiful lady criminal to be my wife , and saying "Oh thats good"When Ur Girl Is "On Point" - Hooking U Up With That Gold Bond Medicated Powder - Because She KNOw That The Dick Goodpic.twitter.com/1GnJt5ArWKanother blissfful day ignoring the fact that 75% of my peers on this site have been rejected from offline society for pretty good reasonsThe Dick Head On Team Chat Whose Smoke Detector Needs A New Battery: Does any one in here know how to fedex a pit bullhow advanced our society has become.. merely 100 years ago you would receive little to no praise for posting the words "Bart Flintstone"seems to me i am one of the only people on this earth who knows exactly how high they stack shit.The Pillsbury Dip Shitthe jury is still out on whether building giant statues of my head pleases god, or pisses Him offdue to recent events, i have generously reduced my weekly donation to cambridge analytica by 40%.  And nobody is reporting thisevery one wants to read my 200-page manifestos about how i refuse to make eye contact with my dentist, or "Get me a man who does both"discreetly getting my ass kickedPost on facebook status "I'm going to start my deit plan now!" turn around and see chocolate "OH let's postpone it to tomorrow" #ohitstruepic.twitter.com/KQc8BH4v5pLittle Ceasers pizza can suck my soft dick!pic.twitter.com/l98SolUIGSit is nothing short of miraculous that all the rich people on this website are personal friends of mine, and care about me, and know my Pain#worldpenguinday please cancel whatever the fuck this is and make a global holiday for oinline content producers with ring worm please.the Ten click challenge, invented by buddihst monks to enhance Discipline , asks that we limit ourselves to click on only ten things per dayYea u better get that damn car washed or imma beat ur assmother fuck Big Gulp assThe dead don't suffer
-sgt.frank woods, black ops2What's your worse nightmare if your lifeprepare to meet thy Fockerdont trust the dna tests. i determine my ancestry by looking at a bunch of racist cartoon characters to see which ones piss me off the mostCOMEY FBI YOU ARE A MOTHER FUCKERCOMEY FBI I REFUSE YOU AT ONCECOMEY FBI I TOLD YOU TO STOP TALKING TO ME IN MY HOME NOW STOP IT NOWtekken Chauncey is no longer invited to boys brunch after saying that he would like to karate chop the #royalbaby in the stomachcut the crap 2017pic.twitter.com/tvNbAGfiWCun follow if you do not consider this true powerpic.twitter.com/NNCIYv7XA9thinking of turning back into white (Caucasian)If ur not a wife yet, its ok practice the tips so ur a master when u get married. #WifeTipshaving you tube intellectuals explain to me how exactly humpty dumpty fucked up , and why he deserves to dieno!!  all of you, stotp it!!  please!  the insight is too Raw!!@Magnum_woof Mags T Husky.please http://unblock.me  because i love you so very much and you are such a beautiful.and gorgeous dog please send me a message right now i love to hear http://from.you  please unblock me like i said and be friends on twitter dont blockwaking up in a cold sweat and screaming about needing one million dollars, the amount of money made famous by Dr. Evil in austin powers 1 .garbage can be recycle, but family`s love can't be replace!!!

#thegarbagelove
#loveyourparentshard corepic.twitter.com/hA1r6YgLa8please join me iin eating one hundred bags of romaine lettuce if you are sick of the CDC rubbing their ass in our faces, with politics#NewProfilePicpic.twitter.com/KVHkgGGr8r@CMSAF17  I am trying to figure out if I am being scammed are you selling a polaris 4x4pic.twitter.com/1vObftPJuWthis is the bad watch thread. post bad watches here. if your reply does not have a bad watch in it you will be blockedpic.twitter.com/FuOeZckTKOhaving to hose off 900 screaming animals at my job at the zoo every day is harder than any thing a untied states marine ever didpissed off by the idea of my ass becoming grass$5 poison vs $100,000 poison.. which kills more RatsIm now receiving reports which confirm that barbara bush was electrocuted in a @bestwestern swimming pool.  DevelopingI LIKE #bitcoinpic.twitter.com/PTq2Dw0dS7thinking about taking all of the logs out of my fire place and using it as a gamer cavethinking about a adults version of star wars where all the characters have Depression and saying the word "Bauzinga" to mysef in my carI AM KISSING THIS GOODBYE.    YOU ARE NOT SERIOUS ABOUT ANYTHING.     DO NOT POST ME ANYMORE.     GOODBYEmy dog`` i will show you the Ass of God ``i love coming on here every day to interact with a growing network of "CON MEN" and "IMBECILES"trying to celebrate all these days at once like a sitcom dipshit who accidentally booked 10 fancy dinners at the same timepic.twitter.com/rVkcwmwX6d#FineMenThatEatAss #FineMenThatEatPussy #FineMenThatDontCheatpic.twitter.com/4xUCPHosEvregardless of if he's real or not . can we please just talk about how much bigfoot sucks ass. what has he done with his lifethe life is fucking bitch !!!for the 9th time today a complete stranger has approached me on the street and told me to go suck some ass. "And still the brand endures"patreon up by $4000/month since i got removed from out back steakhouse for calling all the waiters homos and became a Freedom of Speech guruit pains me to announce that as of april 5th, 2018, The Economist has severed ties with "Da Ass Fucka"youll never catch me sitting on the toilet, taking a huge shit ... it aint my stylepeople are giving and receiving Respect at incredible speeds ... and it is all thanks to the humble computer chiptrying really hard not to be Tryhardpic.twitter.com/FfcT4HycThCyberDeals coming soon...I will leave the post up to piss off the people who are mad at it.  I will remove the post later to piss off the rest of youGuess what.  Some people have opinions different that you, so shut the fuck upi try to have fun on here, i try to post something nice, and all of you freaks brutally piss all over me. Im doneupdate from the good time line—Bacion is legal to eat at work thanks to President Banksy in the whitehouse, now known as the star wars houseelmer fudd with yakuza tattoos. legion of fudd(getting really into the dunk tank carnival game) Ill show you some pain mother fucker.  Ill show you some pain mother fuckerGoing to lunch.ufo themed wedding thwarted by sjw `sflipping your car on purpose is even more of an olympic game, than the actual olympic gamespenning a heartwarming screen play about a horse who wins nascari just need to say, to anyone reading this.. You are Important, You are loved, and You belong in this world, if you have over 5000 followersi regret to inform you, that by resorting to Swear language, you have forfeit this debate. Farewell my bitchthe absolute perfect shit is scoring a legendary forum handle like "Farkimedes" and making 30,000 posts asking the mods to move threadsimagining the guys on Shark Tank laying into the guy who invented the fucking porky pig character "What were you thinking !!"executing some advanced high-risk transactions on the Markets. trading my ass medicine for dick medicineyour;e damn right im calm. you bet your ass im acting like a normal personthe vatican should not be allowed to name any new saints until God sorts out my numerous issues with the citibank web portalHm lets see. Do I "Shut the fuck uop", or continue exposing the truths of life to the chagrin of the 99% of people on earth who are villainsliving vicariously through gamer streamers who are more powerful than meThat's awesome I would love to see you ziva David. Like I said I named my Jeep after uGood afternoon ziva David. I am a big fan of you I even named my Jeep ziva DavidI love  diva David  on  ncis  to the  point  were  I named  my  jeep  diva Davidface newsアメリカ米国への市場開放、消費税増税、年金給付の年齢引き上げ、福祉削減、給付額の引き下げ、事故の検証もないままの原発の再稼働、書類書き換え、廃棄など開き直って強行する姿勢。加計学園 森友 不正 安倍首相 菅義偉 河野太郎 小野寺 山田宏 佐藤正久 杉田水脈nhk岸田総理  fox合掌 newspic.twitter.com/I7Hqi7pDY3If youre a milennial who doesnt know what a Farm is "You are part of the aids"8 Words We Must Never Say In Front Of Father (Number 6 Will Make You Shit)thinking about shit that i Recognize and smilingthats right bitch. i single handedly rescued the constitution of the united states...AND I DID IT WITH OUT USING POLITICS !!Thinking About Saying The Rent Is Too Damn Hiif you have trouble discerning the "Family Room" from the "Living Room" your house should be taken away from youtellling my miserable wife and sons all about the Importance of Mediai just think this is the sort of thing that would be nice to havepic.twitter.com/h8JCrR6JJcGetting fucking pissed off at the idea of some child from the early 1900s trying to spit shine my shoeswhenever i see one of those roast pigs with apple in its mouth i think "Now theres a real son of a bitch who made the wrong choices in life"https://www.patreon.com/dril  my failing brandpic.twitter.com/KHEIYhoDh5seeing people performing perfect slam dunks on the basketball court is worthless to me.  It;s nothingpiss me off forever, kiss the dog shit out of my ass  mouther fucker #ShutYourYapTrying to get clicked onjust read a fascinating article, about how people who try to "Fuck" have the same chemical imbalances in their brain, that the cave men hadKicking the shit out of the back board on my computer desk because" Dabbing" is bull shitpic.twitter.com/uMcRAZPgl3Thread. The dog who died in a united airlines overhead bin was a deep state Chaos Agent. Thread, Threadevery day this happens: my followers inject me with a mix of chemicals , And they kill me as they would a sick dog. Every day they do thishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EF_iu8aZN9s …This Shit Sucks Dog Shitpic.twitter.com/QL7az6QZ27i piss on your little emailsi despise the toilet. id love nothing more than to kick it through the wall and shatter it into 100 shards of wet porcelain. But i need itToday ,  I am every Husbandthere were 100 browser games in the 2000s where the goal was to become a Pimp by sending links to people, but thats jsut real life nowtryinggo ahead. keep screaming "Shut The Fuck Up " at me. it only makes my opinions WorseI am going to try to have diarrhea today. Because I am not "DEFINED" by my assHappy Nude Weekend to AllHow do i follow others or get info on subjectsHow do i join twitter.How do I join Twitter  my name is Armand.How do I get on              T witter.How  do   i   join   twitterpic.twitter.com/xw5ppF6atoi would never say something like "Fuck the games world and all its wonderful and mysterious locales. Fuck mario" . i just would not say thatBot.doing head stands to let the cum from my balls flow directly to my brain and make me more intelligenttrying to get the girls chat recognized as a hate gruopWine and stimpypic.twitter.com/ae39DpQrNX@twistedblissrp hello goddess alexa If ok with you may I please ask you for a follow back please??#NationalCerealDay i fuck all cerealposting detailed plans aobut how im going to start trying out different shampoos on a gaming forum at age 52crawling around on the kitchen floor like a fucking dick head and filming my own "Beggin Strips" commercials#NationalOreoDay i spit on oreo#nationalOreoday i will henceforth either "Fuck" or "Spit on" all the "national whatever day" hashtags that the NSA pays twitter to promotein the year 2030 , "You will be able to order food on the cell phone"pic.twitter.com/2imJdk7M1othis is the new logo. if you want to contact me you have to put the new logo in the email and send it to me. please get rid of the old logopic.twitter.com/wCLOnGiw2Epic.twitter.com/648pCc2NKIto clarify, i still think that "Porky Pig" should get the electric chair, but not enough to kill him, just enough to Scare him a little bitbringing the mame cabinent into my spider holerestuarants need to start hanging up pictures of their bathrooms outside so i know what im getting before i walk in the damn placegoing down to the bank to yell at all the workers there and tell them to keep their greasy mitts off of my stashmicrowaving my ass hole in the microwavepic.twitter.com/U8OLOn2xIl@justinbieber  I'm into sustainable spirituality.  I could be your "sounding board", a counselor.  David in Eau Claire@FBI  Can't the FBI STOP the IMMORAL STIGMATIZING of ADULTS BORN w. small genitals placed in registries FAR TOO LONG, FAR FAR TOO LONG!thinking of being appointed the official "Bitch" of the NFLthinking of that 9/11 thread on the pokemon board i used to post on where the Admin said "Welcome to World War 3" & everyone shit them selvesThe Vagina Monologues, But For Gamersup until i was about 28, i thought "the 9 to 5 " was a euphemism for blasting cumfuck the "left shark "Painted my Car same color as Marijuana.